Add high-level ML Goal (#476)
rust-lang/rust-project-goals: src/2026/high-level-ml.md

2) Support @karolzwolak who is working on adding a new Intel GPU target, to allow `std::offload` on all three vendors (AMD, NVIDIA, Intel) (Winter+Spring).

3) Discuss the memory model of `std::offload` with the lang team, to identify potential issues and stabilization blockers (whole year, "background task").

4) **Develop the MLIR prototype (from Spring onwards, main focus)**. Target one accelerator and accelerate one common instruction (e.g. matmul). Demonstrate one high-level optimization.

5) Continue growing a contributor team accross Rust and LLVM to maintain `std::autodiff`, `std::offload`, and our new MLIR backend (whole year).

## Team asks

| Team       | Support level | Notes                                   |
| ---------- | ------------- | --------------------------------------- |
| [compiler] | Medium @oli-obk, @ZuseZ4 | My changes should be contained to few places in the compiler. Potentially one frontend macro/intrinsic, and otherwise almost exclusively in the backend. |
| [infra]    |  Small @kobzol  | I will push more bootstrap options to build and configure MLIR (an LLVM subproject)                                         |

> | [lang]     | Medium @TC | Discussions to understand which parts of gpu programming and `std::offload` are problematic wrt. stabilization, from a lang perspective. Non-blocking, since we are not rushing stabilization.         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Team       | Support level | Notes                                   |
| ---------- | ------------- | --------------------------------------- |
| [compiler] | Medium | My changes should be contained to few places in the compiler. Potentially one frontend macro/intrinsic, and otherwise almost exclusively in the backend. |
| [infra]    |  Small | I will work with @Kobzol to add more bootstrap options to build and configure MLIR (an LLVM subproject)                                         |
| [lang]     | Medium  | Discussions to understand which parts of gpu programming and `std::offload` are problematic wrt. stabilization, from a lang perspective. Non-blocking, since we are not rushing stabilization.         |
```
